the seven things you need to know this
week this is our brief brief on the news
first up a quick update on Charlie abdo
on Sunday pears hosted a unity rally in
support of the slain victims as well as
in support of freedom of speech and
attracted over three million people in
Paris as well as a lot of world leaders
unfortunately the u.s. missed the memo
and have been receiving a lot of flack
for not sending anybody high up enough
like Secretary of State Kerry or Obama
the first issue of Charlie Hebdo after
the attack was released it's being
called the survivors issue and despite
the fact that they printed millions it
quickly sold out and it featured on its
cover an image of the Prophet Muhammad
holding a sign saying just suis charlie
and the kosher market attack that was
part of these pears tragedies last week
has fueled a lot of anti-semitism in
Europe and a lot of fear for European
Jews Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has welcomed all Jews to
Israel as he says was warmly and with
open arms up next pope francis so the
Pope is stirring up some controversy
this week with his thoughts on Charlie
egg dough and climate change now in the
wake of the Paris terrorist attacks he
defended freedom of speech but he very
quickly amended his comments just a day
ago saying you cannot provoke you cannot
insult the faith of others you cannot
make fun of the faith of others there is
a limit now does this have to do with
the fact that he was attacked in the
latest issue not cool but in cool or
rather warming Pope news Pope Francis
admitted on Thursday that he believes
climate change and he believes that it's
mainly man-made he claims it is man who
has slapped nature in the face another
slap to the face this week on Monday the
US Central Command twitter was hacked
now the perpetrators are presumed to
either be members of Isis or it could be
that they're just sympathizers but in
any case they release personal
information about US military members
threatened members of the military and
then the account was shut down after
saying no no no no no no no no no Mitt
Romney is saying yes he hasn't had
enough of the campaign trail and he will
be running for a third time for the
Republican nomination for the presidency
see and in the days since then the
Republican establishment has attacked
pretty much every perceived weakness of
him as a candidate from his hostile
attitude towards the poor his now be a
leader sort of attitude and the
defenders have countered with the idea
although not very well supported that
he's the only person who can possibly
beat Hillary Clinton and then one of his
advisers raised eyebrows this week with
his claim that had Romney won in 2012
Isis wouldn't exist next up on Wednesday
at 20 old man from Cincinnati was
arrested for plotting to detonate a pipe
bomb on Capitol Hill he says that he got
the thumbs up for radical cleric Anwar
al-awlaki before his martyrdom but his
parents described him as a mama's boy
who just recently fell in love and
became obsessed with Islam about two
months ago in sports on Monday night
Ohio State beat Oregon for its first
college football playoff and national
championship when the fans took to the
streets to celebrate the win the
Columbus police responded in the natural
way by tear gassing the protesters
despite no signs of violence or property
damage and it's that time of the year
again Academy Award nominations were
announced Thursday morning and while the
selection process isn't exactly black
and white the people who are chosen
mostly white people express their
disappointment the lack of diversity
taking to twitter with the hashtag
Oscars so white and that's our brief
brief for this week we'll see you next
Friday for our weekly recap of what you
need to know